China's domestically developed Beidou Navigation Satellite System has been widely used in many public and private fields at home and abroad, according to official figures.

By the end of 2019, more than 100 million Beidou-based navigation chips, modules and other products had been sold, according to statistics released by the China Satellite Navigation Office.

At the same time, the system had been applied to nearly 6.6 million taxis, buses and trucks around China, as well as more than 70,000 fishing ships across the country. More than 10,000 fishermen have been rescued or received assistance after they used a Beidou device to ask for help.

Over 3,200 navigation facilities along rivers and more than 2,900 maritime navigation establishments now employ Beidou services.

Beidou-enabled functions are also used in at least 50,000 agricultural machines and have improved their operational efficiency, according to the office.

More than 70 percent of mobile phones registered in China are compatible with Beidou signals.

In the public security field, more than 400,000 portable terminals used by police across the country have Beidou-enabled positioning functions. Beidou has also played an important role in security work for high-level events such as the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing in 2014 and the Group of 20 Summit in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province in 2016, the office said.

According to statistics from the Global Navigation Satellite System and Location-Based Services Association of China, Beidou has been used in dozens of business and public sector fields in China, including transportation, electric power transmission, fisheries, mining and agriculture, and tens of millions of Beidou-based terminal devices have been sold and are in use.

Globally, by the end of 2019, Chinese products based on Beidou had been sold to more than 120 foreign countries and regions, playing a helpful role in a number of public sectors.

As of the end of last year, Beidou had been used in land-ownership investigation, smart agriculture and intelligent construction, as well as other businesses in Asia, Europe and Africa.

The overall value of satellite-enabled navigation and positioning services in China in 2019 was 345 billion yuan ($48.5 billion), with a 14.4-percent increase year-on-year.

More than 500,000 Chinese people work at about 14,000 domestic institutes and companies doing business related to Beidou and other satellite navigation and positioning services, according to the association.